Goals Setting and Its Measurement

1	Business Performance (15%)
  1. Design 2 systematic trading strategies in 2019 H2
      Developed 4 profitable trading strategies (Ripple Effect, Gap Risk, Dividend Collection, and CBBC Magnetic Effect) 
  2. Conduct backtesting and paper trading on designed strategies by the end of 2019Q4
      Completed paper trading for Ripple Effect, Gap Risk, Dividend Collection, PnLs of which are USD400K,USD1M, and USD560K, respectively
      CBBC Magnetic Effect has been on live since November 2019; PnL so far is 0.5% (USD33K).
2	Individual Initiatives	
  1. Develop a quantitative trading platform for derivatives business by the end of 2019 Q3
      Built a quantitative trading system which consists of four components: automatic data inputting, backtesting, execution, and risk management. One major contribution of this system
      is that it covers the whole lifecyle of tradig strategy developement and as a result, provides an effecient framework for developing new strategies. 
  2. Initiate AI or Machine Learning project in 2019Q4 to improve profitablities of trading strategies and reduce execution slippages.
      Have introduced machine learing technique (reinforcement learning) to trading strategies; improve profitibility by 20%
  3. Deal with state-of-the-art projects within FICC department
      Conducted research on Basel III and drafted a RWA framework for the global market business of FICC
4	Routine Objectives (BAU)	
  1. Build automatic tools to support daily trading activities by the end of 2019Q2
      Built an Excel tool to monitor stock inventory & borrowing. It is an effective tool to avoid violating the up-tick rule of HKEX
      Built an Excel tool to monitor greek risks of derivatives portfolio and conduct stress testing to ensure the portfolio
      stay within predefined limits
  2. Collaborate with middle office to build a risk management system for derivatives business by the end of 2019Q3
      Built a Python tool to automate daily booking and cross-check portfolio positions with those from the third-party brokers (i.e. Nomura).
      It is an effective tool to reduce operation risks.
      
5	Others	
  1. Help various teams improve existing trading strategies through quanatitative research
      Backtested FX, Index Futures, and Treasury strategies for CB and FX desks; filtered out false signals and improved winning rate.
      Built an options pricing model for OTC FX options with Excel VBA
      Developed a quantitative model in MT4 and reduced false trading signals by 20%
  2. Maintain and extend good relationship with third-party brokers
      Developed an automatic execution system by collorating with Bloomberg and Nomura
      Built a good relationship with Mizuho. We will use Mizuho as our external broker once they provide better services than Nomura.
